here everyone so let's get started the
look we're going for is sort of nude
makeup redefined I really want to show
you that a nude face can be incredibly
striking and look absolutely flawless so
the first thing I'm going to do is play
little bit of moisturizer to my skin and
because it's just like the dry at the
moment I don't want the moist the
foundation to go on a little bit more
smoothly than it would without and I'm
using a dry sponge to apply it next I'm
going to use a foundation by illamasqua
which is rich foundation i'm going to
apply this to the perimeter of my face
the majority of it and this is actually
the shade that my skin is and in a
minute i'll be using a lighter one
around the interior of the face i'm
using a foundation brush to apply it but
later on i will be blending it out with
a damp and sponge so next comes the
lighter foundation and i'm going to
apply this to as i said the interior of
the face and this is three shades
lighter than i actually am and with this
lighting it makes it look very very pale
but when the powder goes on it'll all
match up i'm actually bringing the
lighter color actually down into the
darker foundation and this will help me
when i blend it so there'll be no edges
i'm going to take a damp and sponge and
i'm going to blend everything into one
so that the lighter and the darker
colors kind of meat there's no sort of
stopping where the light color is in the
dark color is everything needs to be
blended very well when you're using this
sort of technique and at first it can
look a little bit scary you may look a
little bit pale or a little bit too dark
but when you get the pad is going on it
all comes together quite beautifully and
it gives a face more dimension because
our faces have dimension next I'm going
to apply a loose powder and this one's
Baylor massacre in its LP 135 and this
is the lighter and apply this to the
interior of the face and I'm making sure
that I go over my eyes as well so the
eyeshadow blend as well I'm now going to
use a darker shade of loose powder an LP
2 35 and this is running the exterior of
the face and this just softens it and it
gives life to the face because sometimes
even when we get our foundation flawless
it can just look a little bit I don't
know fake
I'm just going to give my eyes a quick
room and I'm now going to fill them in
with an eyebrow pencil because I just
wanted to be a little bit thicker and a
little bit darker next I'm going to
apply eyeshadow all over my lid and i'm
using spectra excuse me by illamasqua
I'm using an all-over eyeshadow brush
making sure that I go right to the inner
corner as well I'm also going to take
this same color underneath my eye as
well because we bought the foundation
quite high up and I can close the eye in
so we need to bring some color back down
to the lower lash line I'm next going to
take boomerang by illamasqua and blend
it into the eyeball in a windshield
wiper motion back and forth just to give
depth to the crease of the eye and this
is about two shades darker than the
original I shadow I used and next I'm
going to take faith by illamasqua eye
shadow and in small circular motions I'm
going to build up some color and depth
on the very outside of the eye and just
into the crease this will kind of give
us just a very nice sculpted look to the
eye I'm now going to take that same
shade of boomerang which we used in the
crease and just apply it under the eye
and I'm now going to take the darker
faith and just apply it to the outer
part of the eye and now I'm going to
take me all over eyeshadow brush I'm
just going to blend the meal all in so
that there's not too many hard lines I'm
now going to take a very dark brown
pencil and line my upper eyelid really
close to the lash lines I'm now taking a
flesh colored pencil and I'm applying
this to the inner rim of the eye and
this will open the eye up and make it
look larger I don't use white because
white looks to start to me so this is a
flesh colored pencil called hex I'm not
applying a coat of mascara in a dark
brown and that is also by illamasqua
okie dokie next i'm using a blusher
brush and i'm applying rumor blusher I'm
next going to apply slightly darker
shade in spiked by illamasqua just
underneath the cheekbone both of these
blushes are in the beige family I don't
really want too much color on the face
now i'm using a highlighter called
intrigued and i'm applying this just
underneath the eye and the top of the
cheekbone just to give a little bit more
focus to the face i want you to notice
it i'm also sweeping it on the upper lip
and on the bottom lip next I'm going to
take a very natural pinky brown lip
pencil and I'm going to fill in my
entire lip with this pencil I'm then
going to take a lipgloss called a sore
by illamasqua and apply it all over my
lips I'm also going to apply just a tiny
dot of illamasqua illuminator in odyssey
to the you pids bow I'm just going
to put a little bit ceiling gel on my
eyebrows and the look is complete and
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time